you've joined us on what his hands down
our wettest show of the year our most
beloved summer tradition happens tonight
directly behind our theater we have
erected this beautiful above ground
swimming pool it cost us more than 40
million dollars to build this and it
worth every penny because tonight we're
going to grab random people off the
street ask them to disrobe and do a
belly flop on television for you it is
our 11th
started the started back in 2006 and
from time to time people will ask me why
a belly-flop contest every year and to
those people I say mom go to bed we're
doing this my cousin Sally is out on
Hollywood Boulevard right now
Sal are the streets full of bellies and
hopeful floppers there oh we got some
big ones some flat ones we got
everything for okay good let's meet some
of them then all right it's a big one
all right okay what's her name Caesar
Caesar where you from Lodi California
what do you do for a living
I Drive a forklift you drive a forklift
I've always wanted to drive a forklift
is it fun pretty fun yeah pretty fun you
ever pick up your co-workers cars and
move them around in the parking lot I
haven't got there yet but I'm trying to
man something to shoot for would you be
willing to take off your clothes put on
a slightly used bathing suit and jump in
our pool yeah I'll do it just for you
all right come on so we've got it I
think we already know who's going to win
but who else do we have out there come
on in hi hi how are you good how are you
good what is your name Brittany Brittany
now you don't look like that much of a
belly there to do shopping with you and
you can do this yeah I hope so this is a
competition you feel like you can
actually win yeah maybe
okay where are you from Spokane
Washington Oh Spokane Washington yeah
where do you do off there in Spokane um
I work in a tanning salon I do spray
tans oh that's perfect for this then I
guess all right you aim on through also
okay let's get just send those through
right there cutting yourself
Oh
okay you got it
okay we'll make a whole night of this oh
my goodness here come the rest of our
belly golfers
[Applause]
[Music]
there you go we have to take a break we
come back we got a pool full of water we
got a panel of celebrity judges and
we've got it doesn't have naked people
so when we return our 11th annual
pedestrian gonna drive right now it is
time for our 11th annual pedestrian
smelly official rebellion pop pool and
our official belly flop securing our
gear mugear whoa how is the water have
you tested the water yourself yes you
means nice and warm it is nice and warm
all right this year let's meet our
expert panel of judges first up a
12-time Olympic medalist in swimming
Ryan Lochte is here with us Ryan Ryan
when the Olympics come to Los Angeles
should belly-flopping be an official
event yes 100% and Ryan have you ever
belly flop do you even have a belly on
you I'm not sure you do I got a little
belly all right very good Ryan Lochte is
here our next judge is a model actress
recording artist you read a lot about
Iran Bossip say hello to Amber Rose I
don't amber you have the absolute
perfect hairstyle for a pool related
event it's like you're already wearing a
swim cap I can't prepare you did come
prepared and finally in the anchor
position businessman slash entrepreneur
he happens to be one of the shark tank
sharks Daymond John Damon
screaming would it be inappropriate for
someone to pitch you a product during
this competition absolutely it would
okay all right all right then I won't
all right Guillermo let's bring out
flopper number one who is Cesar we met
him on the street just moments ago hello
there Cesar how are you good for you
you're a big fellow yes I am and I do
believe the judges will little handicap
Jose because it is funny that your
parents named you after a salad all
right Cesar ready
you really have to we got to have a big
splash we want we would like to see
those judges soaking wet after you hit
the pool are you ready to do this ready
let's have a countdown please Guillermo
three two one
[Applause]
let's take a look at me Wow
these are has so much more hair on his
back than I realized
Ryan you get Caesar whoops core on nine
you get Caesar at taming also a cast
seesee it is very very well how do you
feel about that flop pretty good I don't
know that there's any water left in the
pool I don't think so all right enjoy
this hot dog thank you very much
time to take a look at your competition
let's meet our Nets whopper who is
Britni hello Brittany hi Brittany that
is a spray-tan you have right now a
little bit yeah okay very good well
Brittany what were your supposed to be
doing tonight I'm just walking around
Hollywood that's about it all right well
you know what you can keep the bikini
and keep walking around after this all
right yeah Brittany are you ready to
belly flop and okay well is that ring
rust proof in your navel oh yeah I think
that okay very good Brittany Guillermo
is going to count you down Guillermo
begin the counting three two one let's
take a look at the lead played here and
I do want the judges to keep in mind
that Brittany weighs like 75 pounds so
ryan lochte you begin ryan gives
Brittany a 9
all right wait a minute Brian you do
know there are other numbers in that
thing right yes I did
OK ROCK huh I know you I know you spent
a lot of time underwater I don't know
what's going on
all right amber Rose Amber gives
Brittany a head cam Burt same note as I
gave Ryan just moments ago a girl I'm
gonna give all the girls tens all right
very good and finally Damon gives an OG
get Rhydian a
well the audience doesn't like it but
Damon you are used to giving harsh
criticism and judgment and Brittany well
you did pretty well I mean listen
Caesars a big fellow you had a big hill
to climb there and very well done
please enjoy that hot dog and let's look
at our next we have one more flopper for
this segment and it is who gear ball who
is this gentleman what is your name sir
Richard Richard where are you from
Oh Paso Texas and what were you doing to
Richard when we pulled you off the
street what were you up to
I wasn't doing anything my wife
volunteered me for this and my girl said
no daddy don't do it Richard have you
always had very little in the way of
body hair yeah okay well you know what
you're perfect perfectly aerodynamic for
this event thank you
you have gear more rubbish stomach for a
good luck and tell me if oh my gosh
really feels like a sea lion yeah yeah
all right you have to have a perfect
score to beat Cesar here Richard so it's
gonna be tough here we go let's count
you down here mom three two one
let's go to the replay because they're
like maybe Richard got most of this in
his mouth oh yeah all right let's go to
our judges Ryan right
Ryan's all overreacting in my notes
amber amber gives Richard a bag and
Damon we're going to it's going to be up
to you to add some common sense
Wow Rickett I don't know how it happened
you didn't pay the judges off did you no
no you didn't all right well you're a
healthy all right now there you go you
get three hot dogs for your perfect
score
[Applause]
I feel like this is sick somehow hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the video
hit subscribe and if you don't click
subscribe this invisible hamster will
die